And down style with the record on the
wall.
Yeah. Yeah.
And down [singing and music] style with
the record on the wall.
And down style with the record on the
wall.
Bam.
And down style with [music and singing]
the record on the wall.
Bam.
>> [music]
>> Woo. Woo. Woo.
>> All right, y'all. This is serious
business. As you can see, I'm tweaking
out right now
as the Bitcoin price is taking a bit of
a dump and I'm in the red. I don't know
if I will ever be able to recover from
these massive losses and today we are
down to the wire. This is the make it or
break it zone for Bitcoin, guys. All
right, this is really with a make it or
break it do or die zone for the Bitcoin
price and I can't even describe to you
the crazy emotions that I'm feeling as
I'm sitting here chasing the price
trying to long every blue candle short
every purple candle just to be death by
a thousand cuts chopped up on the fees.
My goodness, I've never been more
fearful in my life. The The pulse is so
high right now. Bub boom, bub boom, bub
boom, bub boom, bub boom, bub boom.
God bless everybody in Jesus name. I
pray you are super blessed as
as the Bitcoin price guys is
coming down to major support.
Not only are we coming down to the
anchored VWAP from the bear market low
on coinbase.com
but we're also coming down to the macro
618 Fibonacci from the low to the high.
And this is where Bitcoin is either
going to get a bounce or take a tumble
down to much lower prices deep into the
1950s.
The 1950s where everything was much
better.
Back where men were men and women were
women.
You woke up in the morning and your wife
already had breakfast ready to go for
all the kids. You had enough time to sit
there for 2 hours and eat breakfast
before your wife sent you off to work
smiling with your packed lunch, sent the
kids off to public school smiling with
their packed lunches.
Everybody dressed up nice. Don't you
dare leave the house without a hat on
your head.
And don't you dare leave the house
without a blazer.
All right, but now things have changed.
We're in a tank top. We're sweaty on the
treadmill living in our mom's garage cuz
we lost it all trying to long the top
100 x leverage on Bitcoin.
As we are currently in the red $1,300
and 81 cents
and we're trying to figure out what went
wrong. You can see here I'm analyzing
the market. What could have went wrong
here?
I'm looking at these mountains. Ah,
higher lows or is that a lower high?
Ah, it's a lower high cuz here's the
thing, the paper's upside down. From my
perspective, it's upside down. From his
perspective, it's right side up. Things
get confusing.
And we're here to break down exactly
what is going to be happening on the
charts, guys.
Exactly what is happening on the charts.
All right, so never fear. Jason Casper's
here, my friends.
God bless everybody in the chat.
Big shoutout to Ashley Sub.
Shoutout to Joe Potter. Shoutout to Jojo
Productions.
I think below 50k
>> [music]
>> and below Bitcoin will not recover to
highs in the next few years. Really,
Jojo Productions? I honestly, that's the
most bullish thing I've ever heard in my
life, bro.
Jojo Productions thinks if Bitcoin goes
below 50k, we're not going to recover in
the next few years. That's the most
bullish thing I've ever heard in my
life, Jojo.
Big shoutout to Crypto Crank. He just
got back from China. What's going on,
bro?
Shoutout to Crypto Coons. God bless you,
my bro. Good to see you. Shoutout to my
Passive Freedom.
Like she said earlier, lower, lower,
lower.
Shoutout to
Senor Chippity Chop. Choop choop
chippity chip chop chip. Shoutout to Ven
Voki. He says, "Hey, good morning."
Shoutout to R Pink
and Crypto Suit or Suite. Shoutout to
Genaje 06 and Kodak 4737.
Love the pirate outfit.
Shoutout to Ast Mono who says real
balance at 32k. Shoutout to Jesse
Gillick. Shoutout to Bon Voyage.
Shoutout to Zach TV in the house and big
shoutout to Preparing for War.
And shoutout to Stanny Swim.
All those spoiled boomers in the '50s
that put us in our current
over-leveraged positions.
LOL LOL Shoutout to
um Creators Crypto.
All right, let's see here, guys. This is
some serious business we're going to be
talking about it. We're going to be
diving quickly
into these charts here. Okay, first of
all guys, I do just want to say this.
All right, the Bitcoin price as we have
said as we have said, the reason why I'm
still holding this painfully scary long
trade. I've been in this long trade
since the 25th of June.
All right, we took the trade and we hit
a take profit one in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord.
All right, now it's my choice to hold
this trade here potentially in a loss
based on my own risk management
strategy, okay?
But if you did take this trade given in
the moment in the Casper Crew,
well, you have plenty of opportunities
to make some juicy profits just like the
short trade
given in the Casper Crew on May 14th,
which also is currently up right now
over $100,000. This is a pretty big
thing for me right now
>> [music]
>> because
I'm up $105,000 in profit in one trade.
This is a new record for for your boy J
Casp.
>> [music]
>> All right, I've never actually had a
trade uh in this much profit before,
right? I ain't crypto face over here. I
ain't crypto crank over here.
Wow, that's crazy.
You know what I'm saying? I ain't these
guys. I'm Jason Casper, all right? I'm
JC.
But yeah, so that's the deal.
I plan to hold this potentially to a
loss. Now, here's the reality of the
situation.
The Bitcoin price did get a bounce on
the 25th of June from this very key
level right here. All right, we had a
daily order block coming in around
58,185.
58,185, we also had a naked point of
control coming in at 58,019.
All right, so we had these two levels
here getting a bounce and so I decided,
you know what? I'm going to take a
trade. The reason why I take the trade
is, well, even though
we didn't hit the 618, we had some nice
bullish divergences
and we did get a nice move up from here.
In fact, we had plenty of time, like
literally plenty of time
uh for a almost 5% move, which is
nothing to scoff at, okay? Now, here's
the deal.
Like I have said the last few days of
the week, when you come down to a key
level such as a Fibonacci
618, all right? And you front run her
like we did here.
We front run the level, right? We didn't
tap the level. When that happens, 90% of
the time, you get a dead cat bounce and
then fram foam fammy.
Fram foam fammy right through the dang
level.
All right? That's kind of what I expect
to happen. Now, if we zoom out even
more,
there's a number of very intriguing bits
of tidbits that we have on the chart,
which I think are very important. Tidbit
numero uno
is the fact that, well, just below us,
guys, we have the point of control,
the massive point of control that goes
all the way back to December 2020.
All right, 2020, the end of the year,
highest volume node in the last
like 5 and 1/2 years of price action,
right?
Um
is right here. Like literally just below
us coming at 57.2. And we also have the
golden pocket at 57.7. So, just below
here,
we have a massive support. This is a
very high time frame juicy support. All
right? Not only this, but if you take a
look
at all the volume that we've traded
since Trump basically, well, not since
before Trump, since February 2024,
we have the value area low of that range
coming in right here at around 54
thousand dollars. So, we have two very
key zones here as the Bitcoin price is
being beat down. And if we put on our
favorite indicator, Market Cipher B, you
can see there is the potential for some
bullish divergences to confirm here on
the weekly
within the next few weeks. When we go to
the daily,
we do have some bullish divergences
forming here. When we go to the 4-hour
time frame, we do indeed have some
bullish money flow, some bullish
divergences forming here. We look at the
6-hour, the money flow is coming up on
the 6-hour. There definitely are some
signs of hope as we are grinding down
toward this very key zone of support,
which is between, I'd say, 53,000
and 57.7.
All right?
>> [music]
>> So, we have maybe this
this $4,000
zone in here.
That's very key support. And here's the
thing, if we don't bounce from this very
key support,
>> [music]
>> this is not good. This really is is not
good. And the reason why is because
look at how key support this is. It's
it's a It's not only is it the POC,
but also it's a a low volume node down
here at $53,000. If we can't hold that,
our next volume spike is 47.5.
All right. So, if we're not going to
hold 54, guys, 47.5 could come very
quickly. And I'm not saying that just to
be sensational or scary.
This is just the reality of the chart.
Not only
would our next spike in volume be right
here at around $47.5,
but also, I just want to point out
something else. We take a look at the
chart.
>> [music]
>> Let's clear off everything here except
for this box. All right?
If we are going to look at this entire
structure
as a sideways range, all right? Where we
have the highs of the range around,
let's call it 115,000-ish,
and we have the lows of our range down
here where we have our support
resistance flip. Look at this level,
right? Ever since November 2021,
this level has been pretty key. In fact,
if we draw a box here, we could see that
really since January 2021, where this
was resistance,
it was support in September 2021, it was
support in December 2021, resistance in
March 2022, it was resistance in January
2024, we flipped it into support back
here in August of 2024. And so, yeah,
not only is this just a high volume
node, but it's a support resistance flip
on the chart. It's a pretty key level.
Not only that, but
you know, we could see that
we really don't have much support here.
Right? We really don't have too much
support here. Man,
you know, you could say like we've taken
this liquidity. We had We had a
potential CDW of this low right here,
guys.
But we've already taken this liquidity
here, so we can't look for a bounce from
there.
We have a daily order block. I'm sorry,
a weekly order block at 54.8. That's
right in our golden pocket. That's like
right where we're looking. That's the
value area, right? This weekly order
block right here.
Let's put it on this nice yellow line.
>> [music]
>> If we put back on our volume profile,
not that one,
not that one, this one here, you can see
that's lining up perfectly with the
value area. If we're not going to hold
this, guys, we really don't have much
support
until we come into this box here.
And if we're going to lose that box
there, well,
that could potentially open the door up
into the 30s. Now, personally, my target
for all of this is going to be around
39, 139.8, right around 39-ish thousand
dollars is my personal
target. I think we could dip below this
box a little bit if the pattern will
follow the way it's followed the last
few cycles.
But this is a very key support, guys,
and it must hold. If it doesn't hold,
well, we are in some serious trouble.
I mean, look at how much trouble I'm in
right now. I'm in a 250,000
dollar long trade right now
in the red. All right?
In the red.
That's some scary stuff, guys.
Jason Casper in the red, baby.
You know what I'm saying? Under 50k is
totally happening. Simple market
structure, it needs to.
What about 57k? Like we might get a
bounce from 57k, but like I said,
the reality is, guys, if we're going to
front run a key Fibonacci 618 like we
have here,
we most of the time fall right through.
So So, here's the way we need to be
looking at this right now.
This POC is going to be key.
If we dip below and then get a reclaim
above,
that's the honestly, that's the only
like long trigger I think that there is.
And it might very well just end up in
another one of these guys.
Right?
After that, we're looking at the $54,000
level.
And if not,
as my friend Crypto Crank says,
we're coming down into the box. We're
going to come into the box.
And my ideal target would be to dip
below the box.
Dip below the box
and then get a bounce from below the
box. All right?
Uh this long is a pure gamble, lol. I
don't think it's a pure gamble at all.
Okay? I don't think it's a pure gamble
at all. Here's why it's not a pure
gamble.
This trade I took back here on Thursday,
the 25th of June,
all right?
at 10:00 in the morning.
And there was plenty of opportunity to
take profit.
Um
but here's the thing.
I did not take profit. Not because I'm
gambling, but because I'm up over
$100,000 on this one short trade.
And I I have no reason
not to long support. All right? If we're
potentially getting a bounce from
support here and it could potentially
turn into a swing trade,
well, then of course it's the the less
risky thing for me to do is to hold the
long trade from key support, which has
the potential to turn into a swing
trade. It's less risky for me to do that
than it is for me to not take the long.
Why? Well, because if we do bounce from
here at key support, where there was
plenty of opportunity, trade given in
the moment last week to make profit,
if we bounce from here and I'm in the
long trade, well, guess what? If my
short gets stopped out in $82,000 of
profit, great. I made $82,000, plus my
long trade is now open, which is going
to be up by time we're up here we're
$20,000, right?
Now, if I don't take the long trade
>> [music]
>> and we pump, guess what?
The most money I can make is 80k. That's
it, right? I'm going to lose all this
unrealized profit here. This $23,000 on
my open short is going to go away.
And I'm not long. I'm not making money
on the pump, all [music] right? Would I
rather risk a few thousand dollars on
this stop loss
knowing that I'm longing from key
support
or would I rather not long key support
with bullish divergences
and potentially risk way more than a few
thousand dollars? In other words, no
long here and we bounce, I'm losing 25k.
Long here and we do bounce, I'm making
money no matter what. Long here and we
dump, okay, I'm losing some money. I'm
not losing anywhere close to 25k. In
fact, I'm I'm going to lose a couple
thousand dollars on this stop loss.
This 25k is going to cover that plus way
more.
So, this is actually not gambling. This
is actually good risk management.
And this is actually part of my strategy
that I use to not gamble. You get what
I'm saying?
I'm protecting myself.
I'm protecting myself. You better
protect yourself before you wreck
yourself. You better hedge yourself
and check yourself before you hedge
yourself as we'll come into key support
here on the chart.
All right, as we're coming to key
support here on the chart.
Do I get stop losses? Of course.
You always got to use a stop loss, my
friend.
But the joke is there is no stop loss,
you know?
Um
hoping for 54k. Yeah.
The the positions have equal size. Yes,
you're right. The two trades have equal
position size, all right? So, if anyone
doesn't understand about hedging, I
highly recommend you check out my free
course, okay?
Check out my free course.
>> [music]
>> Uh go to the Jason Casper YouTube
channel.
All right, click it, open it
>> [music]
>> in a new tab, go to playlists, go to the
free trading course,
and check out the one over here, how to
manage open trades.
>> [music]
>> I think it's episode 16.
Uh yes, right here, 16 of 18. It's a
totally 100% free course. Check it out.
In this course, I talk about how I
trade, why I hold trades at the same
time, and how this strategy right here
has helped me become ultra profitable,
way more profitable than I would be if I
didn't do this.
Mostly because of the psychological
aspect [music] of this.
Right, the psychological aspect of this
is you're protecting
your profits.
You're not letting your psychology cause
you to make stupid decisions.
You're avoiding FOMO. And really what it
does is it allows you to put yourself in
a position where you're constantly,
consistently making profit.
And you are not and no matter what the
market does, you're pretty much
going to slowly and consistently make
profit. Are you Are you getting as much
money as you possibly could from the
market? No.
Are you leaving gains on the table? Yes.
But I know I'd be more profitable this
way than by not doing this because the
psychology of knowing that if we pump,
if I go away from this stream and I come
back and I'm playing with my kids, I'm
on the trampoline, I'm out in the
tractor, I'm in the garden, we come back
and we're up here, there's something
nice about knowing I'm long. All right.
And if I come back and we're here,
there's something nice about knowing
I'm short. And the money that I lost on
long was a was a insurance fee, right?
It's like car insurance.
Right, except the car insurance is
compulsory, right? You have to pay it.
But this is this is voluntary insurance,
all right? So, check out the free
course, 100% free, 18 sessions. Check
this one out, all right? This is all
about hedging myself and all that, my
mindset, all that stuff.
All right.
Yeah, go check it out, guys. Yeah.
Yeah, go check it out. Yeah. Yeah, check
it out. Check it out.
You know,
um
But man, there's some crazy stuff going
on
uh
with other markets, too. We got to check
that stuff out. But man, we are dumping
back down. We are Look at that. We just
made another lower low on Bybit here,
guys.
We just made another lower low on Bybit
here.
Sheesh. Out the wazoo.
We got some cheese coming out the dang
wazoo here.
Let's take a quick look at some other
things. Look at gold. Gold
dumping as well, coming down to our
There's a fly. Trying to get this fly.
Man, that's the one bad thing about
streaming from your mom's garage, the
flies.
The flies are in here.
Um yeah, gold is coming down to our key
support, 38886.
I mean, 3886.
And here's the thing, guys. If gold's
going to lose this level, it will be a
smooth move all the way down to this
circle zone. That's our last support
between April 2025 and basically
September 2025. So, let's see if gold
can hold. All right, let's check out
silver.
Silver, all the way down at our 786,
getting a bounce from this box. This is
pretty crazy. All right, last week we
touched that 786. Again, this box on
silver is going to be super key cuz you
can see
this pretty much is the consolidation,
the only support really that we have
before we could potentially squeeze a
bit more and come down to $35. And $35,
that's a pretty key support on silver.
You know, that is a major support
resistance flip going all the way back
to 2011.
You see that?
Now, I'm not saying that's going to
happen. I'm just saying this box really
got a hold right now. This box really
got a hold. Let's check out
MicroStrategy.
MicroStrategy, my goodness.
Oh my goodness, guys. This is a bad sign
for MicroStrategy.
Oh my.
Oh my goodness.
My passive freedom, you think I'm pretty
fly for a white guy?
Thank you. I I think that about myself
when I look in the mirror and I say,
"You know what?
I might not have that much melanin in my
skin, but
>> [laughter]
>> Jason, you're a pretty fly guy, man."
And that's exactly why the flies are out
here buzzing around and I got to get
them with this dang fly zapper, you know
what I'm saying?
Um
Big shout out to everyone in the chat.
Now, yeah, look, MicroStrategy, guys,
this is not good. Why is this not good?
Uh the reason why this is not good for
MicroStrategy is simply because of this.
All right, we just need one line on the
chart. Just one line.
All right, we're going to straight-up
Tory trades it right now. One line,
that's all you need is one line.
You know, I know what you're thinking,
really? Just one line? Yeah, guys, just
one line. Watch this. All right.
Man, this is scary. I feel bad for
Michael Saylor.
All right, you see this, guys? This is a
massive support resistance flip
that we have going all the way back to
April 2021.
Resistance resistance breakout.
And here's the thing, we we're building
liquidity here, okay? So, there's a few
things that could happen right now. If
we get a reclaim of this trend line,
that could be a bullish sign, but here's
the problem. We are not even able to get
a bounce right now and potentially going
to close the week below this major
support resistance flip. Now,
there is some support, there is some
hope for MicroStrategy, which is going
to be basically we have the fair value
gap on the weekly that will fill at
$80.68.
And we have the weekly order block right
here at $68.79.
If we're not really going to hold that,
well, [music]
this is this is some scary stuff, man,
for MicroStrategy. Let's go ahead and
look at the volume.
Let's unextend to the right here.
Man, we could come all the way down
potentially to $57. And if we go ahead
and we pull that Fibonacci from the low
to the high, and we go ahead and put it
on logarithmic scale to match our scale
here.
We're talking a 48
to $57
potential bottom there. And not only
that, if we go ahead and pull our our
our
all-time high, that's a that's a 90%
[laughter]
drop.
And I don't mean to laugh, guys, because
I know a lot of people are really
heavily invested in this nonsense, but
here's the thing.
Uh this this is not a good sign
for
the actually Okay, this is a good sign.
This is a good sign. Let me tell you why
it's a good sign.
It's a good sign because
what every bear market has
is an event that causes
>> [music]
>> the utter fear and shock and dismay.
All right, so
two cycles ago we had COVID-19, all
right? One cycle ago we had FTX going
down, all right? This cycle very well
could be MicroStrategy either
getting liquidated or having to sell
massive amounts of Bitcoin or the stock
price going down low. We know they could
really start to sell Bitcoin if the
stock price goes too low. And if their
overall
net unrealized loss goes too high. And
right now they're in billions of dollars
in the red right now at MicroStrategy.
It's pretty crazy.
All right? So, the sad thing is a lot of
normies
bought
um
bought a lot of MicroStrategy like
back in 2024 and 2025. In fact, you know
what's quite interesting is
like a lot of people bought around these
areas here. Like, a lot of people
thought this was like the big dip before
the big pump.
And I feel like when people start to
panic sell,
that's going to be a good move for
Bitcoin cuz that's going to give us some
major Bitcoin capitulation. Not only is
it going to give us MicroStrategy
capitulation, it's going to give us some
major Bitcoin capitulation. That could
be the thing that pushes Bitcoin down
into the 30s.
Right? Cuz when cuz a lot of people
MicroStrategy and Bitcoin are
inextricably linked.
All right? They're going to be scared of
crypto and all this stuff, right? So,
that could be the thing.
Can you imagine? That's another, let's
see.
Where we're at right now, that's another
40% drop. That's crazy, man. I'm not
saying that's going to happen cuz we do
have some support here.
But even in general, this thing is
already down 84%. 84%?
That is crazy, actually. That really is
crazy. 84%.
Already down. This is already pretty
bad. How much more do we need before
people really pretty good tarjay.
Tarjay? A A?
We're going to tarjay, baby. Let's see.
Oh, wow, look. Bitcoin's trying to
reclaim the level.
All base and no treble, we're trying to
Have I started accumulating spot
Bitcoin? Yes. Yes, I have. [music] So,
my plan for spot Bitcoin accumulation is
is as follows, guys.
All right?
Pretty much
anything
uh Well, my first buy was in February,
on February 6th.
All right, that's my first spot buy as
we dip below 70,000. My first buy is in
the 60s.
My second buy is going to be in the
mid-50s. So, I'm really hoping for
the low 50s for my next buy. And then,
once we're below $50,000,
I will start buying much more
aggressively. And as we come down to the
786, I'm going to be irresponsibly
buying spot. Now, actually not
irresponsibly this time. Last cycle, I
did irresponsibly buy spot under 20k.
It was a little irresponsible.
This time around, I'm not going to be as
as irresponsible simply because
well, I feel like how how how many times
in life can you really be irresponsible
and have it work out? I've had it work
out for me. The Lord has been merciful
and gracious to me. I've had I've done
some really dumb things
that have worked out great for me. Like
putting my entire life savings into
Bitcoin without knowing anything about
investing
um after listening to a few podcasts. I
was a I was just a crypto normie,
you know? This before Michael Saylor,
but you know, I if if I was a few years
younger and I listened to two of Michael
Saylor shows,
I would have done the same thing, right?
Didn't know anything about investing. I
just put in my entire life savings,
everything me and my wife had been
saving for our entire marriage into
Bitcoin.
Right?
And just so happened to go from $600 to
20k.
And then last cycle,
I also irresponsibly bought tons of
Bitcoin under 20k.
And that turned out quite well for me as
well. So, this time I think I'm going to
be a little bit more responsible, but
I'm still going to be aggressively
buying
if we can come down towards our 786. So,
40k and below,
that's the golden zone for me. Could we
go down to 20k, 10k, 9k?
Anything's possible.
But the trend is your friend until the
end, okay?
God has zero to do with this? Are you
crazy?
No, God's in control of everything, man.
He's in control of every little aspect.
You know what I'm saying?
It's God who gives you the power to
acquire money in the first place, all
right? The very fact that you can think
and move and make decisions is because
of God's mercy.
Right? So, don't become arrogant.
Cuz
>> [laughter]
>> Cuz not only does God bless you with all
these abilities, but he can humble you
like that and then you realize, "Dang, I
don't have any control over anything."
I really don't have any control over
anything.
You didn't control when you were born,
you didn't control who your parents
were, you didn't control where you were
born. You can't control if your heart
will beat in 5 minutes from now or if
you'll be able to take another breath.
You can't control if you'll be able to
think in an hour or walk in an hour or
move in an hour. So, don't be so
arrogant.
Seriously.
But, you know what?
This isn't a religious podcast. This is
a crypto podcast and this isn't even a
podcast.
You know what's weird?
I zapped this strange
this strange stinging bug here
like an hour ago and it's somehow like
resurrected from the dead.
You know?
It's like a wasp, like a stinging
a stinging wasp.
It almost stung me.
You know?
This wasp was just bragging
about how much control it had in its
life.
This was a very arrogant wasp and in 1
second it got zapped on the zapper.
You know what I'm saying?
1 second it got zapped on the zapper.
Now,
let's see. What is going on with this
Bitcoin price here?
Let's check order flow. All right, let's
check order flow.
What do you know? Guys, a quick
reminder. Today,
in the Cast Crew VIP Discord, where we
give the trades in the moment, all
right?
Where we give the trades in the moment.
We are doing game day.
All right? Game day is where we give
away thousands of dollars and we have
fun and play games in the Discord, all
right? So, if you want to check that
out, you can join the community,
jayscattrading.com.
Also, big shoutout to Kase X.
10% deposit bonus, $21,000
uh
claim
if you do all these things here. Plus,
lowest fees, period, 0% market,
>> [music]
>> 0% limit, 0.01% market. It's essentially
no fees, makes it awesome for scalping,
also.
Antarctic, if you use my link, you get
these very, very low exclusive VIP fees,
can't get anywhere else.
All right? Check it out if you're
interested and if you know how to trade.
And let's see how the order flow's
looking here.
All right?
30 minutes.
Oh my goodness. So, here's what we got
going on here.
This is pretty, pretty interesting.
Um so, we actually
we actually potentially have some
bullish CBD down here.
It's really hard to say, actually. We
don't really have too bullish CBD yet.
But, well, here's what we do have. We
actually have
>> [music]
>> quite a few longs opening up at these
lows, hundreds of millions of of fresh
longs opening up here.
You can see it's a fight. We've got
longs opening up, we've got an increase
of CBD and open interest.
Um but, what else is quite interesting
is the number of shorts that have opened
up in here, all right? So, uh
if we start to change structure again
here, we start to make a higher high,
you could easily see that this could get
squeezed and we could come back up to
the the range high and just continue to
be chip chop choppy choop chop between
like 61k-ish,
just below 61k,
and these lows here. Now, what is
concerning is the fact that we are
building liquidity underneath here.
All right. Higher lows
mean stop losses, meaning we could get a
nice squeeze to downside. So, it could
go either way right now.
And we're really just waiting to see
what's going to happen. Tomorrow is
Wednesday, and typically on Wednesday,
that's where the high and low of the
week comes in. So, if we're going to get
a weekly low, it would make sense that
it would be mañana.
You know, would be mañana.
So,
um
Bitcoin looking like a hairy
>> [music]
>> P word on the 15-minute.
Check out the 15-minute.
>> [laughter]
>> I mean, it's definitely looking very
strange on the 15-minute here, man.
You're all right there. It's looking a
little bit strange here.
Let's do some market cipher analysis.
4-hour, let's
Potential bull dips here on the 4-hour,
but really not looking good. Definitely
room to the downside here. Yellow
oscillator getting lower, not the best
sign. Momentum waves, more room to the
downside, for sure.
The 1-hour,
um
it's really actually starting to look
quite bearish here, given the fact that
money flow is back in the purple and
it's lower than it was at these lows.
Uh it's not looking the most bullish.
24-minute is definitely looking pretty
bad regionally.
Um it's looking pretty bad regionally.
The 24-minute looks like she wants
another dip, right? It's It's looking
very similar to how we looked over here,
right? Money flow coming down, momentum
waves low. It's looking like we need
another dip.
And let that money flow start to curve
back to the upside here. You know, it's
really not looking the best.
Uh as far as bullishness goes, let's go
to our 12-minute, one of my favorite
time frames.
Money flow looking like garbagino.
Yeah, yeah. I would be very surprised
if we actually break out of this range.
I wouldn't be surprised if we do
something like this.
>> [music]
>> If we come up
and then come back down, but I I would
be surprised if we actually start to
just go straight up from here
and do something like this. It obviously
could happen, but all things considered
here, I think we had plenty of time to
do that last week and yesterday and we
didn't do it.
You know?
So,
what I think about
philosophy, the love of wisdom?
Um
Look, I I think it has it's it's cool.
You like to philosophize, go for it,
man.
Is it more important than math?
[laughter] I I don't know, man.
Never thought about that before.
Um
Yeah, it could go both ways.
Buttermilk biscuit, [music]
for sure.
Surprised it didn't take the low yet.
Prime vid three. I know. I I I'm I'm a
little bit surprised about that, too.
This is This is like some real chop city
nonsense going on right here. This is
some real chop city nonsense going on
right here.
Um
>> [singing and music]
>> Man, this is not looking the best, guys.
This is really not looking the best. Oh,
man, this is some scary stuff.
This is some scary stuff.
Am I still holding spot? Heck, yeah.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, I'm still holding spot, of course.
I will never not hold spot, guys.
Um
you know,
I I will never not hold spot.
Um [music] there's a certain number of
Bitcoin that I will always have no
matter what.
All right, so no matter what happens,
even if Bitcoin goes to zero, there's a
certain number of Bitcoins,
plural,
that I will hold, okay?
I will always hold them.
Um
if you have a 30k portfolio and I win
60% of trades, could I risk quitting my
job?
I don't know. It's too much math for
[music] me, man.
Um
What CBD look like? RPINK CBD right now,
well, from the last time we looked at it
a few seconds ago,
it looked pretty um
like longs are opening up at the low
here.
>> [music]
>> Um
It's getting higher. It's increasing
with an increase of open interest right
now. We're we're seeing buyers come in
and they very well might get wrecked.
So,
it looks bad.
Where from would I short it now? So,
here's the thing. Uh I would not short
now. I would need to wait for a rise,
all right? I would need to wait for a
rise. That's just how how I roll. Um I
can't short the low. How are the
chickens doing? Um
Let's see. I only see one. Oh no, I see
two.
You know, they go out in the woods.
Let's [music] see if they come to me cuz
they think I have food.
See if they come to me cuz they think I
have food.
What's up, chicksters?
Hey, here they come. Look, they're so
happy to see me. They think I have food,
the poor things. I don't have any food
for you.
Here comes one. There she is. You see
her? Right right there.
And there's more coming.
And they're coming out the dang woods.
What's up, chicksters?
Say hi to the peeps.
Say hi.
There they are.
What's up, chickie doodles?
Chickie doo das.
They're doing all right, all right.
They're They're eating all their food
scraps here that we throw, all the old
apple peels and stuff like that that we
throw down for them, you know, banana
peels, apple peels.
That's what they eat.
>> [singing and music]
>> Now, I haven't fed these chickens
chicken food in probably like 4 or 5
weeks. And the thing is, they don't need
it. They're They They free range and
they eat our food scraps and they are
healthy as
They're so dang healthy. These These
chickens, let me tell you, these are the
healthiest hens I've ever had in my life
because they They survived through
literally the the worst winter in
history.
And um
And And now that they've survived that
winter, only the healthy ones have
survived. And their eggs have the most
golden, beautiful yolks. Like, man, so
nutrient-dense. I eat these dang yolks.
Let me tell you, I literally feel
all those vitamins and nutrients going
straight
straight to the arms and chest, baby.
Straight to the arms and chest. I feel
the proteins entering into the body.
All right, straight to the arms and
chest.
You know?
You know, I feel it. It feels good.
Feels good, let me tell you.
You know?
The yolk is orange. It's like a deep
orange, all right? It's a deep orange.
It's a deep orange, I'll tell you.
Can I have one chicken for dinner? No,
here's the problem. I only have uh a few
chickens left cuz a lot of them died
and got eaten by animals and and froze
to death over the winter and got lost in
the woods and ran away and all this
stuff, right? So,
the problem is I don't have many
chickens left, so I'm not eating any
this year. I'm only eating the eggs.
But, I am going to be getting a lot more
chickens, all right?
I I going to be getting a a lot more
chickens, for sure.
A guy was having problems with hawks
getting his chickens, so he started
feeding the crows
and they would fight the hawks.
Interesting.
Yeah, we have the hawks and the falcons
and the eagles.
You know, you know, you know.
What's my bench press? I don't know. I
haven't bench pressed in a long time.
The last time I did bench press, I think
I didn't go higher than 265. I'm not a
big bench press guy.
Eggs over easy, actually soft boiled.
Date Fisher wants to go curl in the
squat rack right now. I feel you.
I feel you. I love curling in the squat
rack. There's nothing like curling in
the squat rack.
>> [music]
>> You can kill a chicken to eat.
Uh yes, you can. Anyone has that
ability, my friend.
Chickens aren't supposed to eat corn
pellets. Yeah, they're supposed to eat
bugs. I mean, they are birds and stuff.
You know what I'm saying?
Um
You got to build them a crib or
something.
Well, they have a chicken coop.
And their chicken coop has a door that
automatically rises and sets with the
sun.
It's a solar thing. But here's the
thing, I I'm really hands-off with my
chickens. I'm really hands-off with the
homestead in general.
All right? See, here's the thing.
Laziness
can be leveraged, guys. Laziness can be
leveraged. There's two types people.
There's people that make things way
harder than they have to be
cuz they feel like working hard is the
way to go. And then there's lazy people,
all right? The only reason I I
The only reason Well, this is not true.
Obviously, look, I believe in God's
sovereignty and God's blessing, but
if I
wasn't lazy,
I probably right now just be a normal
guy working a 9-to-5 job, but it's the
laziness that said, "You know what? I
really don't want to have a job ever in
my life." Led me to where I am now, all
right?
And the laziness of
Yeah, pretty much. That That led me to
where I am right now, right? I don't
want to have a job. I don't want to have
to worry about, you know, working for
money. So, let me grow my own food and
all this stuff. Let me raise my own
chickens. It's laziness that led me down
this path, all right? So, [music]
I'm always trying to think, how can I
get the most
out of the least?
When it comes to chickens, let me tell
you, they're birds.
You don't really have to feed them very
much.
Maybe clean their chicken coop twice a
year.
And make sure that they're healthy. Make
sure they're laying an egg a day. If
they're sick, you know, you can give
them some some herbs. You can give them
some apple cider vinegar, all this kind
of stuff in their water. It helps them,
you know, if they have parasites, you
can you can help them with that. But in
general, people that are so hands-on
with their chickens,
feeding them every day, chicken food
from the store and all this stuff, and
giving them heaters in the winter and
all this,
man,
I think that's too much work. Instead of
just letting them be who they are.
They're chickens, they're birds. Let
them go out in the wild, right?
So, you get so much bang for your buck
just letting your chickens be chickens.
You get eggs every single day, beautiful
high-quality eggs without doing much.
You know what I'm saying?
Have I learned to kill them by hand?
Yeah, I have. So, you know, look, here's
the thing. Yes, I've slaughtered my own
chickens. I slaughter them, I butcher
them, I cook them, I eat them. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yep. Do it all myself, [music] all
right? In fact, I have videos of it on
my YouTube channel.
You know, you got to got to go to
Jason Gasper Here's the thing. If if if
you if you if you if you go to my
YouTube channel and check out my shorts,
I have some crazy shorts on my YouTube
channel, honestly.
You know, um let's see.
Let's see.
Uh I mean, we have to go back years and
years to see that. I don't even know if
we'll be able to find it.
Let's see. Let's see. I have some weird
shorts on here, guys.
>> [music]
>> Got ones about watermelons.
This is this this will teach you how to
uh know when a watermelon's ready to
pick.
>> is a game changer. You know?
Um but let's see. Where Where's Where's
the chicken ones? Cuz I know that I've
I almost posted a video on YouTube of me
like actually slaughtering a chicken.
Let's see.
Maybe I don't have it, you know?
I don't know.
Maybe not.
Oh yeah, here we go.
Yeah, how to revenge trade or something
like that, yeah.
>> This is the big
>> Of course it's not the right video.
Yeah, you can see there. We got the
chickens. We got them.
What herbs do you give them? It depends
on what they need. It depends on what
they need. So in general, it's good to
just give them herbs in general. So I I
give them mint, I give them cayenne
pepper, I give them apple cider vinegar,
I give them oregano.
I give them sage. I I just give them a
whole bunch of herbs in general that we
grow in the garden. Right? Just We have
a whole bunch of spices growing all over
the place here.
Right? Whole bunch of spices growing all
over the place.
And I just regularly give them to the
chickens, right? It's just good for
their health and it's good for your
health, too.
Herbs and spices are really good for
your health. You should eat them.
Garlic, onions, oregano, right? [music]
Hyssop, mint, sage, all that kind of
stuff.
What else do we grow? Rosemary, thyme,
um [music] all that stuff, right?
Eat a lot of that stuff.
Is the bear market over yet? Kind of.
It'll be over in the next few months.
>> [music]
>> Am I going to get cows? No.
No. Goats, no cows. Here's the thing.
Cows are too much, They're too big. It
would be hard to slaughter them. They
eat too much pasture.
I'd rather have miniature dairy goats,
you know.
Miniature dairy goats. Do I choke the
chickens? No, I'm very nice to my
chickens. My chickens have a good a good
life. And here's the thing.
If I do kill one for food,
I'm very gentle with it, all right? Very
gentle with it. I I
I don't I don't take it lightly that I
have to end an animal's life, all right?
I always thank God for the chicken
before I do the dirty, you know.
Um cuz look, chickens bring me a lot of
joy. I love chickens. Love everything
about them.
But yeah.
When it comes time for that,
you know, they've had a good life. I
always try and comfort them nice.
>> [music]
>> And the way to do it the way in my
opinion, I know people some people like
rip the head off or snap the neck. I'm
not into that, all right? That's kind of
The way I do it is I hold it upside down
until it calms down. I take a very sharp
knife and just slit voop.
And then joop.
And it just bleeds out.
That's it.
I don't even think it hurts the chicken.
Quails are good, yeah. Quails are good.
The eggs are just kind of small though.
They've had a good life. But then Well,
I wouldn't call it murder.
I would call it harvest. You know, I
harvest the chickens.
Harvest
>> [music]
>> the chickens.
But yeah, they've had a much better life
than
I'd say most chickens, you know.
I love chickens.
I love everything about them. I love the
way they look. I love the way they
sound.
I love the way they eat. I love the way
they walk. I love the way they scratch.
I like the way they taste. I like their
eggs.
I like it all.
I like it all. When did I enter this
long? I entered this long John Doe on
June 25th at 10:02 in the morning.
And
um
we did hit a TP1 after that first
initial bounce. So, everyone in the
Discord had opportunity to uh
to take profits on that. And I myself
am holding it for reasons I've already
discussed.
Reasons I've already discussed.
You know.
Guys, a quick reminder, today is Casper
Crew Game Day, meaning
in about 2 hours we're going to be
giving away thousands of dollars in the
Casper Crew VIP
Discord. All right.
You know what I'm saying?
We got pencil next in the chat.
Anyone who has a problem with killing
chickens,
I hope you're a vegan.
But um
if you're not a vegan and you have a
problem with it, you got a problem,
honestly. In fact, I'm a I'm honestly of
a firm belief that if anybody's not
vegan,
if you eat any kind of meat, you you
must
slaughter and eat an animal for
yourself. All right.
Because it is a life that's being taken.
Right?
>> [music]
>> And it's so easy to go out to the to the
supermarket and get a grill pack of 20
chicken wings. That's 10 chickens that
had to die. You should at least know
what has to happen
for those 10 chickens to die. And you
should go through it yourself. And if
you can't handle it,
then you shouldn't be eating meat. It's
how I look at it, honestly.
People want to talk bad about killing
animals, but do you eat meat?
Do you eat meat?
>> [singing and music]
>> Money money money.
>> What should you do in Bitcoin?
Well, honestly, in my opinion, if you're
talking about spot Bitcoin, I think now
between now and and November is the time
to accumulate on spot, the lower the
better, and then do nothing until 2029.
Where [music]
2028 2029, you can start selling.
That's really the play is
last little bit of this,
you know,
um
bear market is is probably now.
Uh and then I would buy between now and
November and I would sell
uh
probably, you know, between
between 2028 2029.
You know what I'm saying? [music]
As a vegetarian, you approve the message
100%? Yeah, seriously, honestly.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, if you're going to eat meat, you
should know what it's like to kill an
animal and eat it.
You know, I remember the first time I
slaughtered a chicken.
It was hard.
It's hard to do. I'm like, am I doing
this [music] right? I don't know.
Right? And I remember I cooked it
and I took a bite and I was scared. I
was scared. Like, what if I did it
wrong? What if I'm going to get sick
from this, right?
And guess what? It tasted like chicken.
Woo, huge relief, man.
You know, huge relief. That Then I
realized, you know what? I could do
this.
I got this. You know what I'm saying?
Tasted just like chicken.
Um
Shout out to Casual TA. What's going on,
bro?
Vision pulse fat boy, you need help? You
broke your stream?
That's interesting. YouTube giveaway
when? We're going to be doing giveaways
every week starting very soon, all
right?
We're going to be doing giveaways every
week very soon.
All right?
>> [music]
>> Giveaways very soon.
Big shout out to our super chat, John
Wilson Magic. Jason, we hit the 618 if
you draw the bottom of the fib from the
low of 2023 instead of 2022.
Nice, man. Let's check that out.
I don't trust that fib at all, but let's
check it out.
The reason why I don't trust that fib at
all is because when you're dealing with
time frames such as these,
you really want to draw the actual low
to high fibs.
So, 2023
would take us
to here in January. Wait, no. This
Yeah, January.
Yeah, we hit it if you do that.
I don't like that fib, though.
I don't like that fib. I'm sorry. I have
to be honest.
I don't like the fib.
I don't mean to be rude, but I don't
like that fib.
I don't mean to be rude.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, we're going to be doing giveaways
every week coming coming up soon, all
right?
Don't worry.
>> Weekly analysis is that the logic for
the long
Um the logic for the long is that we are
about this green vertical line is when
the bottom is projected to be in based
on the 4-year cycle and this green box
uh ideally is
I I would I would say somewhere like
around here is where the bottom price is
projected to be in.
All right, so if you can accumulate
within the green box
this green box is the same green box of
this, all right? It's the same green box
of this.
All right? And
>> [music]
>> it's the same green box of this.
All right?
So
these green boxes here, you can see, if
you accumulate within them around the
green line time after
uh
the all-time high is in
you are essentially buying the bottom.
And
you are putting yourself in a really
good position for
pump city profits, baby.
Pump city profits, baby.
The monthly close could be really bad.
All right? Yeah, let's let's analyze the
monthly close and let's not beat around
the bush here, guys.
But the reality is
let me go ahead and put everything in a
folder here.
>> [music]
[singing]
>> The reality is this monthly close could
very well
close us below
the February candle wick. All right?
And this monthly candle will close in 7
hours. That is a really bearish monthly
close.
All right, confirm lower low. There's
really no
there's no there's no way around that,
right? That's that would be a really
bearish looking monthly close right
there, guys, for sure.
All right, a bearish close, for sure.
>> [music]
>> What fitness band am I using?
Fitness band?
I don't know what you're talking about,
DW.
A fitness band? I don't know. $400
fitness band?
I don't know. If that's a joke, I don't
get it. I'm sorry.
What's my stop loss on the long? I It's
a little I'm giving myself some wiggle
room. All right.
I'm giving myself some wiggle room.
>> [music]
>> Give myself some wiggle room here.
Man, we haven't taken the lows.
This This right here is the uh
>> [music]
>> the February wick. So, this is This is
Oh, man, this is not looking the best
here.
Fitness watch? I don't have a fitness
watch.
I have an iPhone. That's how I have some
stupid app that tracks steps, all right?
It's free. It's called
Steps app.
All right?
You see? Steps app.
>> [music]
>> All right? Manage your steps. Look at
yesterday.
Yesterday.
Treadmill? I don't know. I just buy
whatever's cheap on Amazon.
If you're talking about a treadmill,
it's whatever's cheapest on Amazon.
Yeah, I wear an exchange gold chain. You
think I'm going to use a fitness watch?
Come on, man.
Thoughts on Bitcoin doing all this
hovering right above 618? We're going to
blast right through. Typically, I'd say
yes, probabilities probabilities are
highest that we drop right through the
618. All right, that's
that's what I think because we not only
did we front run it, but we're
consolidating here. That is kind of
bearish.
What's my body fat percent? Um
I would say I'm probably around 14% body
fat.
Now, people will disagree with me. I
know.
But
here.
I'll show you a picture.
No homo.
Of me this morning.
Um
And you tell me what you think my body
fat is. All right?
Cuz I always I always Look, the the
truth is you're fatter than you think,
right?
So, most people will probably say I'm
about 12% in this picture.
Right? But I'd say I'm probably 14 or
15%.
All right?
About 14 or 15% probably.
The reason why I say that is cuz
look at all the fat accumulated in the
obliques,
in the lower abs.
All right?
I'd say it's probably about 15% body fat
right here.
About 15%. That's what I think.
Of course, this is with a pump
after uh upper body workout.
So,
if I have no pump,
I still I still look pretty lean.
But um
yeah, I'd say it's probably about 15%.
Probably about 15%.
What happened to my music?
That's like the comfortable That's my
comfortable body fat percentage. What
I'm around right now is pretty
is pretty comfortable for me to maintain
that with the walking treadmill
and lifting weights three or four times
a week
and eating a very high calorie, high
carbohydrate,
high protein,
medium fat diet.
Big shout out to Alex O. He says, "Good
morning, brother." Is it still the
morning?
Yeah, see Devon got a DEXA scan when he
was feeling pretty good, had a six-pack,
looking ripped, and was 17%. Yeah,
that's the thing. Everyone's fatter than
they think they are. Like, that's the
thing. Like,
people who say they're like 8% body fat
are probably like 12. People say they're
12 are probably like
>> [music]
>> 15, 16. That's why I say I'm probably 15
or 16.
You know?
I'm probably 15 or 16.
And here's Here's something else, all
right? If you this
This is going to sound dumb, but this is
some old school some old school
This is some old school Rocky Balboa
type stuff, all right?
You know?
Uh
If you just like work out hard
and eat kind of healthy When I say eat
healthy, eat actual real food, right?
You eat real food. Like,
I only eat
real food.
I eat meat, dairy, eggs, fruits,
vegetables,
potatoes, squash, you know, that kind of
stuff.
>> [music]
>> Um sometimes rice, sometimes oats.
If I'm ever going to eat bread, it's got
to be sourdough bread.
And that's all I eat, literally. I eat
as much as I want, as much as I want,
right?
>> [music]
>> If you eat like that and you work out
kind of hard and you stay active,
you you will you will look leaner than
you actually are cuz you're going to
build muscle.
And when you have muscle underneath fat,
it makes you look leaner than you are.
You know what I'm saying?
That sounds crazy, but
Do I do high-intensity cardio? I do. So,
twice a week I either do hill sprints or
I do
the assault bike, which is over there in
the garage.
I either do the assault bike
intervals or I do hill sprints twice a
week. [music]
So,
but that's more for health stuff.
Now, I do super super high carb. I do
super high carb. In fact,
I've been averaging I This is going to
sound crazy. People probably won't
believe me. I'm I'm weird with stuff,
right? I'm I track all my foods, right?
So,
yesterday, I had 711 g of carbohydrates.
Um
>> [music]
>> 130 g of fat and 288 g of protein.
Um
Friday, this is this is going to sound
crazy.
Actually, there's some days this week I
had 800 g of carbs.
So, last Wednesday, June 24th, 810 g of
carbs.
Yeah, I eat tons of carbs. So many
carbs. I eat tons of carbs.
But,
>> [music]
>> I don't eat a lot of grains. That's the
thing.
All right. Here we go. We're starting to
dump.
Right now, my calories,
um
I'm doing this weird thing with my
calories right now [music] where
I'm kind of just eating as much as I
want. Uh
I did purposefully cut for 6 weeks
when I came back from Cuba because I had
gained 15 lbs because in Cuba I didn't
>> [music]
>> I didn't walk a lot.
And I wasn't lifting as much and I
wasn't sprinting.
Um,
>> [music]
>> so I gained about 15 lbs in 3 months.
So I lost 15 lbs in 6 weeks.
And I cut my calories down to about
4,300 a day.
But [music] now just eating to full
sati- like eating as much as I feel like
I need, I'm around 5,300 on average a
day. All right, so I'm kind of eating
5,300 calories a day.
And I'm able to
and I've been doing this now for 3 weeks
and I've been maintaining my weight for
3 weeks
with this this level of leanness. And I
do feel I could maintain my weight with
this level of leanness
indefinitely.
Obviously, if I kept on doing what I'm
doing, which is twice a week [music]
interval cardio,
the walking pad, getting my steps,
uh, training hard, and eating healthy.
You know?
Is beef healthier than water? I think
so.
Yeah, I know it sounds crazy. It sounds
How much do I weigh? Right now I weigh
201 lbs.
This morning.
What age am I?
I am going to be 36 in a month.
Do I drink water?
How do you know how much protein
>> [music]
>> fat carbs have foods have? Well, here's
how. You have to be a weirdo and weigh
your stuff out on a scale. So,
>> [music]
>> I'm literally a weirdo, guys. Like I
don't I I am not a normal human in any
way. Like obviously right now I'm
walking on a treadmill in the garage
trading hundreds of thousands of dollars
uh on a homestead totally off-grid.
Okay, I'm not your average guy.
But everything I eat, I weigh it out.
All right, I'm that weirdo that goes to
that goes to family gatherings with
glass containers of meals.
All right. I'm that weirdo [music] guy.
Um
I don't I just I'm I'm neurotic like
that. I just like to do that. So, you
have to weigh out all your stuff, right?
So, at the beginning of the week
I cook a whole bunch of chicken. I cook
a whole bunch of beef. I hard boil a
whole bunch of eggs. I cook a whole
bunch of sweet potatoes. I cook a whole
bunch of zucchini squash. I cook a whole
bunch of butternut squash. A whole bunch
of salad. Have a whole bunch of
dairy ready to go.
And I just eat that stuff every day cold
from the fridge. I eat cold meat every
day. I don't cook I don't warm nothing.
I just eat it cold.
And that's that's how I live life. All
right.
What a weirdo.
>> [music]
>> Such a weirdo.
Do I socialize a lot? No, I'm a loner. I
don't go anywhere except I go to church
on Saturday.
All right, I go to congregation on
Saturday.
Other than that, I really don't go
anywhere. I go to my in-laws house
uh
once a week sometimes
in the summertime. [music]
But even then
it's just my my parents, my wife's
parents, and my family.
You know, I'm I'm I'm a loser. I'm I'm
I'm a loser. I'm a big loser.
You know.
I'm a loser. [music]
Do I ever take a cheat day?
Not really. Here's the thing, I don't I
don't even want a cheat day. Like that's
the thing. Like I The only reason I eat
like this is because I thoroughly love
to eat like this. Like
>> [music]
>> I I I
I can't imagine not eating like this.
All right.
I know that sounds weird to people.
>> [music]
>> But
I it There's nothing appealing to me
about like
>> [music]
>> eating a cheat meal. Like, there's
there's nothing appealing to me about
going out and eating like
>> [music]
>> a cheeseburger with some like gross
glyphosate-covered bun grilled in like
soybean oil.
First of all, it wouldn't even taste
that good compared to like homemade
sourdough bread.
Second of all, it would make me feel
like crap the next day.
And third of all, it wouldn't even fill
me. It wouldn't It wouldn't satisfy my
hunger.
You eat the way I eat, and your your
hunger is satisfied.
>> [music]
>> Like, you eat the way I eat, people
passing around birthday cakes and
pizzas, you you don't even want that.
You don't even want that.
>> [music]
>> I'm telling you. You don't even want
that. You have your fill
of fruit
and yogurt
and some almonds in giant bowl,
not only you're going to have so much
nutrients in there,
>> [music]
>> but your hunger is going to be
satisfied. Your sweet tooth is going to
be satisfied. Your desire for fat is
going to be satisfied.
>> [music]
>> You're not going to want that other
stuff.
And then you realize when you eat that
other stuff, you feel like crap the next
day. You don't sleep good that night.
Your digestion's bad.
You're weaker in the gym.
You know?
But, that's the thing. Like, it seems
like I'm disciplined, but I'm really I'm
not disciplined. Like, that's the thing.
I'm not disciplined. I I I just
It's not discipline.
It It would It would take me It would
literally take discipline for me to not
go to the gym. It would take discipline
for me not to walk. It would take
discipline for me to eat junk food. It
would take discipline. I would have to
go against what I want. Like, it would
it would take discipline for me to not
do these things. It's not discipline.
Like, that's the thing.
It's really not discipline.
I could pretend like it is to make it
seem like I'm disciplined.
But it's really not disciplined.
Not for me.
It'd be hard for me not to do these
things.
You know?
Shout out to Juan Estrada. Is the bottom
in?
I don't know, man. I don't think it is.
I I think I think it will probably be
in around
um
I don't know, November? November?
What's my salt intake? Uh it's pretty
dang high when I'm sweating this much. I
just salt my food to taste. I put a
little salt in my water in the morning.
I put salt on everything. All my
vegetables, all my meat. I put salt in
my yogurt. Put salt in my fruit to
taste.
Um and it's sea salt. All right?
But if I'm not sweating a lot, I don't
eat salt. I eat salt if I feel like I
need salt. All right?
Um
What kind of salt? I don't know, Joe
Potter, cuz every every dang YouTube
video demonizes one kind of salt or
another. First, Celtic sea salt's good,
then it's bad. Redmond's is good,
Redmond's is bad. Pink Himalayan's good,
Pink Himalayan's bad.
I don't know.
Right now I'm doing the Celtic sea salt.
Um
They I don't know. I don't know.
That's what I'm doing now. That's what
we got now. We just get We get a whole
bunch in bulk and when it's gone, we get
whatever else we can get.
October 5th exactly.
Do I ferment veggies? Yes. Oh yeah, I
forgot to mention I eat lots of
fermented vegetables. Sauerkraut, um
fermented carrot My wife makes, you
know, lacto-fermented sweet potatoes,
carrots. She makes this green tomato
salsa, which is fermented. Uh
sauerkraut, the cabbage, and fermented
garlic and all that. Yeah. I eat all
that tons of that stuff. Tons. I heap it
on. Heap it on everything I eat.
Heap it on. I'm eating all that
fermented foods. I think that's really
good for you.
>> [music]
>> You know.
Um
Am I natty or on TRT? I'm not on TRT.
And I I don't take anything
I don't take any kind of uh
hormones or or steroid or anything like
that. No.
Not at all.
No, I'm I'm pretty much again I'm really
against that stuff. Um
And not because I think there's a
problem with it. If you want to take
hormones, go for it. I in fact I don't
doubt that they make you feel good, but
here's the thing.
As soon as you cross that road,
especially if you're a guy, all right,
you start putting hormones into your
body as a man,
the body is a very complex machine.
You start putting hormones in there,
it's going to change so many other
things.
And then the next thing you know, your
your testicles shut off, you can't
produce your own testosterone, you're
dependent on exogenous hormones.
Maybe now you have an imbalance of like
testosterone and estrogen and all this
stuff and
I just don't want to go down that road.
All right, I want to I want to
I want to do things the way that God
designed the body to do them. And if I'm
old, if I'm 65
and I have symptoms of low testosterone,
where I don't have energy, I don't have
strength, I losing muscle mass rapidly
and I feel like a 90-year-old woman,
then I will consider hormone replacement
therapy.
But
I would say this.
I'm
I am a guy who in my 20s, all right, my
total testosterone was in the low 300s.
Okay, when I was 21 years old,
my testosterone was literally 310
nanograms per deciliter or whatever,
total testosterone.
When I was a young man in my 20s,
[music] extremely low testosterone.
And I also in my young 20s live an
extremely unhealthy lifestyle.
I smoked marijuana all day. I drank
alcohol all day and all night. I stayed
up all night.
I slept 6 hours during the day.
5 to 6 hours during the day.
I ate fast food multiple times a day.
Right? I was still lifting weights. I
was still kind of jacked, too.
All right?
Now that I'm in my 30s,
my testosterone is over 700.
Now I'm Now that I'm 36,
how is that possible?
It's because I do things the way the
body was That's You take care of your
body and and it's it's going to respond.
You know what I'm saying?
>> [singing]
>> If you're 37 and you feel that way, I'll
tell you just
>> [music]
>> try and try and I mean, look, you can do
whatever you want. If you want to hop on
testosterone, you can, but here's the
thing.
If your body is is
experiencing symptoms,
that means there's a cause. And if you
don't fix the cause and you just patch
it up with shooting yourself with
hormones,
you're still practicing those unhealthy
habits that are causing your body to be
unhealthy.
I think that's kind of dangerous, right?
It's like not being able to feel pain.
If you can't feel pain, you don't know
to take your hand off the hot stove.
Right? So, if you have symptoms of low
testosterone, you're a guy in your 20s
or 30s,
try to just do the most basic things
like um
eat like a an adult,
not like a kid. Do your best to get 7 to
8 hours of sleep a night.
Prioritize your health.
Uh lift heavy weights two times a week
only. If you don't If you don't lift
weights at all, two times a week.
You don't have to be a dang bodybuilder
muscle guy. Just need to use your
muscles, right?
And um
and like, you know, get 8 to 10,000
steps a day.
Which is so easy to do. If your average
American's getting like 5 to 6,000 a
day, all right?
If you just go for two extra 15 to
20-minute walks a day, you're going to
hit your 8 to 10,000 steps. You go to
the gym 2 hours a week,
lift some heavy weights,
>> [music]
>> compound movements, squats, presses,
pulls,
hinges,
right?
And eat whole foods and get some sleep.
Probably 90%
of of your of your symptoms will go
away. You know what I'm saying?
Would I maintain my condition if I
couldn't do as many steps?
This is a good question. So, here's the
thing. I look back before I got the
walking pad,
and
in the summer,
I was able to maintain this kind of
conditioning.
In the winter, no. In the winter, no.
>> [music]
>> Um I would always get a little bit
chubbier in the winter.
Um but here's something else. When I
walk this much, I eat way more. So, I
look back cuz I'm neurotically have
tracked my food for the past 11 years,
right?
>> [music]
>> So, I look back at the calories I was
eating before I got the walking pad,
and I was averaging 10 to 12,000 steps a
day instead of 20 to 25,000 steps a day.
I was actually eating about 1,000 less
calories a day.
Um
so, the appetite does change with the
walking. But there's something about, in
my opinion, there's something about high
energy input and high energy output that
makes it easier to stay lean
than uh low energy input, low energy
output.
That's just
my own anecdotal stuff, you know what
I'm saying?
Um
Where do I find the most joy in life?
Well, to be honest with you, preparing
for war, it's my relationship with the
Lord.
And right now I'm finding a lot of joy
in
spending time in prayer and in in in
scripture.
And also teaching my kids scripture has
been very joyous to me.
Because lately
I've been taking my 5-year-old and my
7-year-old through
uh
the actual Bible and not just the kid
Bible.
And it's been really
it's been a really awesome experience.
It's been a really awesome experience.
Yeah, people are obsessed with peptides
in the USA and I see so many people
losing so much weight right now.
Obviously, like on Ozempic or whatever.
That stuff concerns me cuz look,
everything's a give and take. There's
there's no such thing as a free lunch.
Someone's got to pay. Something's got to
pay.
I don't think
I do I I really think that in a few
years people are going to say "Man, you
know, that was a big mistake with all
these peptides
that people are taking."
But, [music] you know,
you do you.
What's my ab workout look like? My ab
workout looks like I do two to four sets
of abs a week.
I either do dragon flags
>> [music]
>> where I um
you know, you start with your
your legs way up in the air and you keep
a a a straight
>> [music]
>> torso when you slowly lower it back
down.
Um [music]
or I do decline sit-ups
on the decline bench with a full stretch
and a full contraction of the abs.
Um maybe two sets a week, maybe four
sets. Oftentimes zero sets, honestly.
A physical Bible hollows out your bones.
Yeah, physical Bible. I have this really
nice
I have this really nice uh uh
>> [music]
>> Bible that I've been reading with the
kids.
It's funny cuz it's a King James Bible.
So, I've been reading the King James to
them, but I've been kind of [music]
I've been kind of paraphrasing it to
make it into more modern English as I
go.
But uh the reason why I'm doing that one
is cuz it has really good pictures in
it.
I figure if I'm going to read the whole
Bible to them, might as well just deep
dive into the King James.
>> [music]
>> You know what I'm saying?
Reading is 10,000 years old. Never too
late. Yeah, for sure.
Do I find trusting Jesus is hard? Look,
obviously everyone goes through phases
with their faith, having [music] periods
of stronger faith and periods of weaker
faith.
Right? Everyone goes through seasons of
the soul.
I'll be honest, right now I feel very
close to the Lord. But [music] that's
the thing, I feel, right?
So, your relationship with God isn't
based on your feelings. It's not based
on how you feel.
But right now I feel very close to the
Lord.
Um [music] so, praise God.
Have I read
>> [music]
>> the Ethiopian Bible? Not in the
Ethiopian language. Never have. Have I
read the books that are in the Ethiopian
Bible? Of course, of course.
What's my favorite parable that Jesus
taught?
Honestly, my favorite parable, I think
there's a few. The parable of the sower
is one of my favorites. As well as
this isn't really a parable. Uh yeah,
it's a parable.
The uh the rich foolish man
is one of my favorites.
Um
I think that puts things into
perspective
for me personally, those two parables.
You know?
What do I think of Trump?
>> [music]
>> Um well, I've said this before, but I I
think Trump is
playing a role that he was selected for.
I
I don't think he is America first.
I think he's bought and paid for by
uh central banks.
And I think that he was chosen to be the
guy that
uh right-wing Americans would like. All
right, he was chosen to be the
anti-Obama.
He was chosen to be the guy to say the
things that everyone was thinking, but
was too scared to say.
Um
he was chosen to be the guy to present
himself as someone who has his own money
and is uh anti-establishment and is not
part of the deep state.
Um but I think that's just the role he
was selected to play.
I think he was selected to aid in the
downfall of the United States.
Um
which I think it has been quite
successful so far
during his first term.
Uh he was the first president ever
to basically put Americans on welfare
checks, universal basic income,
uh which is a globalist agenda. He
caused many small businesses to go out
of business permanently, a another
globalist agenda.
He
um
he mandated essentially warp speeded
experimental medical procedures on the
American people where they had to make a
decision to keep their job or get
experimented on.
And during his first presidency the
dollar supply doubled
more than doubled.
This is unprecedented, no pun intended.
More printing during Trump than any
other president before him, more
inflation because of Trump than any
other administration before him.
Now during his second term he's getting
us into a whole bunch of wars
which is kind of messing with the prices
of oil, another globalist agenda.
Um
yeah, I I I just
that's my thoughts on Trump.
Yeah.
These have always been my thoughts on
Trump. Um
and I I've I've made mention of them
before and I know people have different
views than I do and that's okay. If you
like Trump, that's okay. But I'm of the
opinion that you cannot become the
president of the United States
unless you're selected for the job.
Okay, I don't I don't believe that
federal elections that people have the
ability to vote.
All right, I don't I don't believe votes
count.
All right, I think you're selected and
even if the votes count
all right. I mean even though they they
flaunted it in your face in the 2020
election that the elections are rigged
and that the votes don't really count.
They flaunted it in your face
just to laugh at you.
But everyone still says, oh, too big to
rig this time, right?
Even if the votes do count, they give
you two choices and both of those two
choices have been selected for you,
right?
They've both been selected for you.
There's no such thing
as a politician, just your average Joe
who works his way up in the political
field and then can become the president
of the United States. You have to be
part of the secret societies. You have
to be under control by the institutions,
the banking institutions.
Uh
Uh you have to be a puppet
in order to get that role, okay? No
matter if you're a Republican or a
Democrat.
No matter what.
All right.
That's my view.
>> [music]
>> So,
what they do is
you know, the Hegelian dialectic. If
you're familiar with
with the Hegelian dialectic,
>> [music]
>> if you've ever studied political
science,
you're familiar with this concept.
Where the way
you accomplish, the way you propel an
agenda in a society is by creating two
polar opposite extremes. You have
extreme number one over here,
and then you have its antithesis over
here.
And what happens is you push people over
to one side to the extreme to the point
where they're so sick of it, they come
back to the other side to the extreme.
To the point where they're so sick of it
that they come back to the other side to
the extreme. To the point that they're
so sick of it that they come back to the
other stride with the extreme. And
really what's happening is you're
pushing them in direction that you want
them to go, which is up here.
But you're doing it by playing on their
emotions
and making people worry about things
that don't really matter
um
to make basically get people
uh to feel certain way and change
the overall
uh opinions of society at large over
periods of time.
All right. So, for example, the the
[music] the woke Obama
pe- a- a- and Biden people like uh
"Enough of this gay nonsense, this
transgendered crap. You know, people
living in this fantasy world of like
you're really going to put me in jail if
I call a boy a boy
because he wants to be a girl?" People
are like, "Enough of that. We're going
to come over to the other side here.
This is the common sense
administration."
Right? And then eventually
this is going to turn probably
into a little bit more of some scary
fascist type
uh behavior and it's going to push
people back more to this side. It's just
going to keep going, man. It's just
going to keep going.
But it is very interesting to look over
history and see how
right now
what's considered conservative in
America, at least, these days
was considered liberal, you know, back
in the '60s.
I mean, the the whole libertarian
mindset of you do you and I do me, just
don't mess with my freedom. That was a
liberal
viewpoint back in the '60s.
And conservative was really
conservative, like they wanted to outlaw
>> [music]
>> you know, things that today people
wouldn't want to outlaw.
But um
so it's interesting. Conservative these
days is old school liberal and new
school liberal is
basically
like socialism, communism. It's very
interesting. But that's all been done
through the Hegelian dialectic.
You know?
Um
But you know, that's just my opinion,
right?
That's just my opinion. Look, if you
have a different opinion, that's fine. I
am.
You're assuming I didn't vote for him?
I didn't vote for Trump, no. Uh Jason
Casper officially voted for Kamala
Harris on Twitter.
But in real life, I didn't vote for
anybody. I don't vote in federal
elections. [music]
I don't want to waste my time. My wife
voted. She wanted to vote and look,
that's fine, you know, cuz I'm a new
school a new school conservative and old
school liberal. I said, "Wife, look, you
do what you want to do.
I'll do what I want to do."
You know.
I even drove with her to the dang voting
booth.
But, I didn't vote.
58K incoming. Yeah, let's see.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, everyone's everyone's to the
extreme, right? You got to be far left
or far right.
The truth always lies somewhere in the
middle, I I I I tend to believe with
these types of things. It's very
difficult these days to know what's
actually true.
Um
cuz everyone has an agenda, a political
agenda, and everyone has a twist.
[music]
So.
But, look, everyone has their own
opinion. That's that's one of the cool
things about America America [music]
is that if you vote or if you don't
vote,
it doesn't really change
your life, you know, you don't go to
jail over it or whatever. And if you
talk bad about the president,
you don't go to jail, right? That's
pretty cool.
That is pretty cool, you know.
I would hate to go to jail.
But, um but yeah, guys, I think I'mma to
out cuz look, we we waxed we've waxed
deep into the things that aren't crypto.
>> [music]
>> And I actually it's Casper Crew game day
in about an hour. So, I'mma get ready
for that. God bless y'all.
See you in the Casper Crew games. Peace.